hello and welcome again to RC model
reviews on YouTube and what I have here
is the 8x in floater this is a very
popular model it's an EPO available in
different configurations RTF a re for
the whole lot basically everything from
virtually just the airframe and the
motor to the whole thing with the servos
esc everything installed now it's a
great little model and it's going to be
the introduction to a new series of
articles and videos on RC model reviews
which is going to deal specifically with
if Peavy first person view and that's
where we put a camera in the model and
fly it as if we were actually sitting in
the model now there is some if Peavy
stuff already on the RC model reviews
website and on the YouTube channel
you're watching now but what I'm going
to be doing is demystifying a lot of
stuff and I'm going to produce several
packages of if Peavy equipment that you
could build yourself a put together
yourself and used to fly fpv because
there are so many variables then it
becomes quite difficult if you are
unfamiliar with if Peavy to design and
build your own fpv setup so I'm going to
do everything from what I call bareback
fpv which is the very basic the simplest
cheapest way to get into it right
through to the full full blown fpv with
the autopilot return to launch and all
the other bills and muscles that you
could possibly hope for now somewhere
between bareback and fully featured is
probably the kind of system that you
might be interested in flying this
summer now it's winter down here than
the southern hemisphere but I know up
north it's summer and everybody's dying
to get into fpv so that's we're going to
be focusing on in a few upcoming videos
and articles now as I mentioned in one
of my earlier videos I've been trying to
get hold of what does it give us see now
bev RC seem to have a very high profile
in the if pv market so i wanted to ask
beaver see some questions i emailed them
no response i mentioned it in when i'll
meet weekly or not so weekly video
roundups and still no response i emailed
them again no response so i'm afraid i'm
going to have to what viv RC of the
potential list of suppliers for building
these various if Peavy options which is
a shame because they do seem to have
some really good stuff in stock and
whereas hobbyking has some stuff
some of its not so good but they don't
have any in stock everything's back
ordered so there's no point in me
designing and building these different
fpv options complete if PV systems for
you to copy if you won't be able to buy
the part so I'm looking for suppliers
who have if Peavy gear that's the
cameras it's the video links it's the
ear frames a whole lot that I can buy
and put these systems together and then
I can tell you if you want to fly a
system like this here's where you go
this is how much it costs and away you
go you can duplicate the system and then
there's no problems there's no confusion
there's no unknowns because you'll be
able to see all built and flown here on
RC model reviews but as I say b VAR c
i'm sorry i've tried three times no
response what would it be like if I'd
actually sent the money I wonder most
unusual anyway perhaps if you're
watching this video you can email Bavasi
and say why are you ignoring RC model
reviews but all I want to do is buy some
products and build some systems that
others will no doubt want to duplicate
and therefore generate sales for you I
have no idea i've completely dumbfounded
and bewildered about that so it's fast
to say i have the ax inflator here it's
probably the simplest and easiest model
get going for if Peavy this will be our
beer back fpv model will fill it up with
a camera low-cost camera low cost video
transmitter and then I've got something
organized for the other in the ground
station because there are a number of
ways you can do if Peavy on the ground
you can buy those expensive goggles
glasses that you've seen I've reviewed
the fête sharks on the RC model reviews
calm website I've reviewed those so you
can buy those but they're not cheap they
start at about two hundred and thirty
dollars and it's not a cheap option but
I have something coming up I've been be
working on it over the last couple of
weeks and design and hopefully I'll have
it sorted out in a couple more weeks and
it becomes a better option than those
glasses and it's a lot cheaper so and if
you wear prescription glasses like I do
you can still wear your glasses so it's
not putting your head in a box or
anything like that it's what I think is
a rather elegant way to enable you to
fly fpv without glasses and the price
looks as though it's going to be about
100 bucks which is a lot cheaper than
any of the useful glasses and the
resolution will be 800 x 600 that's
better than any of the glasses on the
market
at the moment so stay tuned for that I
won't give any more information until
I've made sure that it actually works so
in the meantime keep an eye out for
these articles coming up I'll be still
trying to find supplies that can deliver
the products and who will ask my emails
and if you've got questions on fpv then
go to the RC model reviews.com website
and go to the forums now few people have
complained recently the forums aren't
working well it's because the damn
website and the forums have become so
popular that the server ran out of
resources soft spoken to the hosting
company they've beefed it up we've got
more resources and now everything's back
hopefully to normal speed so go to the
website see the reviews go to the forums
ask your questions you may be able to
help others because it is a community
and if you have a question ask it if
you've got an asset or someone else's
question then chippin and see if your
answer is of use to them that's it for
this very brief introduction to the new
series coming up thank you for watching
and by the way if you'd like to help by
contributing a small sum of money so
that I can buy all the stuff and produce
these videos and come up with these
answers for you then don't let me stop
you go to the website there's a donate
button on the side you'll see it there
click on that and you can donate any
amount of money no matter how small or
large and it all goes to bike stuff like
this so that you and others can get the
informed information you need when
making your purchasing decisions thank
you for watching RC model reviews i'll
see you again very soon
you